c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\BiometricFinger.exe.config
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\BiometricFinger.exe
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\BiometricFinger.pdb
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.exe
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.pdb
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.Wpf.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\SourceAFIS.dll
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\SourceAFIS.xml
c:\users\pc_ste_19\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.Form1.resources
C:\Users\aesca\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\bin\Debug\BiometricFinger.exe.config
C:\Users\aesca\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.exe
C:\Users\aesca\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\BiometricFinger\BiometricFinger\obj\Debug\BiometricFinger.pdb
